Info/workaround adding (#384)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/concepts/asset-manager.md

}
```

::: info

> When you are searching for the information of an asset on a product, if you do not know the asset familly code, you can retreive it by calling this endpoint `/api/rest/v1/attributes/YourLinkedAssetCollectionAttribute`.

Reviewer: Maybe, precise what `YourLinkedAssetCollectionAttribute` is. So that readers don't copy/paste the link blindly without making changes. ;)

> When you are searching for the information of an asset on a product, if you do not know the asset familly code, you can retrieve it by calling this endpoint `/api/rest/v1/attributes/AssetCollectionAttributeCode` (`AssetCollectionAttributeCode` being the code of the Asset Collection Attribute containing the asset you are interested on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are searching for the information of an asset on a product, if you do not know the asset familly code, you can retrieve it by calling this endpoint `/api/rest/v1/attributes/AssetCollectionAttributeCode` (`AssetCollectionAttributeCode` being the code of the Asset Collection Attribute containing the asset you are interested on).  
```

> It will give you the "reference_data_name" containing the code of the family linked to your Asset Collection attribute, and therefore linked to your current asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the answer, you'll find in the `reference_data_name` property, the code of the family linked to your asset collection attribute, and therefore linked to your current asset.
```
